-------------
influenced : 377
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%CE%A9mega: Ωmega
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/*Lisp: *Lisp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A+_(programming_language): A and A+
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ABC_(programming_language): ABC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AIMACO: AIMACO
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ALGOL_58: ALGOL 58
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ALGOL_W: ALGOL W
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AMPL: AMPL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ATS_(programming_language): ATS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AWK: AWK
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Action!_(programming_language): Action!
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ActionScript: ActionScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Active_Oberon: Active Oberon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Active_Server_Pages: ASP
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Actor_model: actor model
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ada_(programming_language): Ada
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ada_(programming_language): Ada 2005
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ada_(programming_language): Ada 2012
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ada_(programming_language): Ada 95
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agda_(programming_language): Agda
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AgentSheets: AgentSheets
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agora_(programming_language): Agora
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Akka_(toolkit): Akka
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alice_(programming_language): Alice
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apache_Groovy: Apache Groovy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AppleScript: AppleScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argus_(programming_language): Argus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ArkTS: ArkTS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AssemblyScript: AssemblyScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AtScript: AtScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AutoLisp: AutoLisp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BASIC: BASIC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BCPL: BCPL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BETA_(programming_language): BETA
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/B_(programming_language): B
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bash_(Unix_shell): Bash
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Basic4android: Basic4android
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Basic4ppc: Basic4ppc
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BeanShell: BeanShell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitcoin#Transactions: Bitcoin Script
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bluespec: Bluespec
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boo_(programming_language): Boo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bourne_shell: Bourne shell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brainfuck: Brainfuck
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bs_(programming_language): bs
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C*: C*
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C++11: C++11
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C++14: C++14
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C++17: C++17
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C++20: C++20
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C++: C++
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C--: C--
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C/AL: C/AL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C99: C99
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CLIPS: CLIPS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CLU_(programming_language): CLU
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CMS-2_(programming_language): CMS-2
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/COBOL: COBOL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/COWSEL: COWSEL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C_(programming_language): C
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C_Sharp_(programming_language): C#
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C_shell: csh
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cach%C3%A9_ObjectScript: Caché ObjectScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cadence_SKILL: SKILL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carbon_(programming_language): Carbon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:C_programming_language_family: Numerous
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Catrobat: Catrobat
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cayenne_(programming_language): Cayenne
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cedar_(programming_environment): Cedar
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cedar_(programming_language): Cedar
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ceylon_(programming_language): Ceylon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chapel_(programming_language): Chapel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chisel_(programming_language): Chisel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clean_(programming_language): Clean
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clojure: Clojure
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CobolScript: CobolScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cobra_(programming_language): Cobra
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CoffeeScript: CoffeeScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Combined_Programming_Language: CPL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_Lisp: Common Lisp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_Lisp_Object_System: Common Lisp Object System
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Component_Pascal: Component Pascal
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer-aided_manufacturing: Computer-aided manufacturing
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Concepts_(C++): Concepts
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Concurrent_Euclid_(programming_language): Concurrent Euclid
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Constraint_Handling_Rules: CHR
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Contextual_Query_Language: CQL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Control_Language: Control Language
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coq_(software): Coq
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coral_66: Coral 66
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Croquet_Project: Croquet
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crystal_(programming_language): Crystal
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Curry_(programming_language): Curry
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyclone_(programming_language): Cyclone
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DOPE_(Dartmouth_Oversimplified_Programming_Experiment): DOPE
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/D_(programming_language): D
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dart_(programming_language): Dart
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Datalog: Datalog
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dataparallel-C: Dataparallel-C
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dylan_(programming_language): Dylan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ECMAScript: ECMAScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ECMAScript_Harmony: ECMAScript Harmony
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EGL_(programming_language): EGL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ease_(programming_language): Ease
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eiffel_(programming_language): Eiffel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elixir_(programming_language): Elixir
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elm_(programming_language): Elm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emacs_Lisp: Emacs Lisp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emerald_(programming_language): Emerald
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Epigram_(programming_language): Epigram
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Erlang_(programming_language): Erlang
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Escher_(programming_language): Escher
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Etoys_(programming_language): Etoys
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EuLisp: EuLisp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extempore_(software): Extempore
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/F*_(programming_language): F*
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FL_(programming_language): FL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FP_(programming_language): FP
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/F_Sharp_(programming_language): F#
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Factor_(programming_language): Factor
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fantom_(programming_language): Fantom
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flix_(programming_language): Flix
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forth_(programming_language): Forth
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fortran: Fortran
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fortran_90: Fortran 90
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fortress_(programming_language): Fortress
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FreeBASIC: FreeBASIC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GDScript: GDScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_Octave: Octave
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GT.M: GT.M
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GW-BASIC: GW-BASIC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gambas: Gambas
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gambit_(Scheme_implementation): Gambit
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Generic_Java: Generic Java
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Generics_in_Java: Generics
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gleam_(programming_language): Gleam
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Go_(programming_language): Go
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graph_Query_Language: GQL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Groovy_(programming_language): Groovy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hack_(programming_language): Hack
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haskell: Haskell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haskell_(programming_language): Haskell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haxe: Haxe
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hop_(software): Hop
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HotSpot_(virtual_machine): HotSpot
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hy_(programming_language): Hy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_PL/S: PL/S
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IDL_(programming_language): IDL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/INTLAB: INTLAB
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISETL: ISETL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISLISP: ISLISP
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Icon_(programming_language): Icon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Idris_(programming_language): Idris
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inferno_(operating_system): Inferno
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interactive_fiction: interactive fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interlisp: Interlisp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intermediate_programming_language: Intermediate programming language
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Io_(programming_language): Io
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Isabelle_(proof_assistant): Isabelle
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JS++: JS++
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSON: JSON
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/J_(programming_language): J
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/J_Sharp: J#
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jakarta_Server_Pages: JSP
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript: JavaScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_(programming_language): Java
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_Object_Oriented_Querying: jOOQ
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_Persistence_Query_Language: JPQL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joy_(programming_language): Joy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jq_(programming_language): jq
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Julia_(programming_language): Julia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jupyter: Jupyter
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KL0: KL0
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KL1: KL1
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/K_(programming_language): K
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KornShell: KornShell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Korn_Shell: Korn Shell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kotlin_(programming_language): Kotlin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LFE_(programming_language): LFE
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LPC_(programming_language): LPC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Language_Integrated_Query: LINQ
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lasso_(programming_language): Lasso
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leet_(programming_language): l33t
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Limbo_(programming_language): Limbo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lingo_(programming_language): Lingo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lisp_(programming_language): Lisp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lisp_Machine_Lisp: Lisp Machine Lisp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_object-oriented_programming_languages: object-oriented programming languages
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LiveCode: LiveCode
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LiveScript_(programming_language): LiveScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logo_(programming_language): Logo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logtalk: Logtalk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lua_(programming_language): Lua
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lucid_(programming_language): Lucid
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lustre_(programming_language): Lustre
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MATH-MATIC: MATH-MATIC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MATLAB: MATLAB
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MBlock: mBlock
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ML/I: ML/I
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ML_(programming_language): ML
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MSX_BASIC: MSX BASIC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MUMPS: MUMPS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malbolge: Malbolge
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mary_(programming_language): Mary
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mercury_(RemObjects_BASIC_programming_language): Mercury
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mercury_(programming_language): Mercury
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Excel: Excel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Power_Fx: Microsoft Power Fx
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Power_Fx: Power Fx
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Small_Basic: Microsoft Small Basic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Small_Basic: Small Basic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mirah_(programming_language): Mirah
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miranda_(programming_language): Miranda
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modula-2+: Modula-2+
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modula-2: -2
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modula-2: Modula-2
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modula-3: -3
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modula-3: Modula-3
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modula: Modula
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mojo_(programming_language): Mojo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MoonScript: MoonScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moose_(Perl): Moose
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MultiLisp: MultiLisp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/N1QL: N1QL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NS_Basic: NS Basic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nemerle: Nemerle
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NetLogo: NetLogo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NetRexx: NetRexx
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Newspeak_(programming_language): Newspeak
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NewtonScript: NewtonScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nial: Nial
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nim_(programming_language): Nim
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nu_(programming_language): Nu
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NumPy: NumPy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OCaml: OCaml
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OPS5: OPS5
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oberon-2: -2
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oberon-2: Oberon-2
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oberon_(programming_language)#Oberon-07: Oberon-07
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oberon_(programming_language): Oberon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object_Pascal: Object Pascal
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object_REXX: Object REXX
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Objective-C++: Objective-C++
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Objective-C: Objective-C
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Opa_(programming_language): Opa
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OpenMP: OpenMP
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orwell_(programming_language): Orwell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oxygene_(programming_language): Oxygene
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oz_(programming_language): Oz
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PACT_I: PACT I
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PHP: PHP
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PL-6: PL-6
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PL.8: PL.8
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PL/I: PL/I
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PL/M: PL/M
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PL/SQL: PL/SQL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PL/pgSQL: PL/pgSQL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/POP-11: 11
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/POP-2: POP-2
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pandas_(software): pandas
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ParaSail_(programming_language)#Description: Sparkel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ParaSail_(programming_language): ParaSail
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pascal_(programming_language): Pascal
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Perl: Perl
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pike_(programming_language): Pike
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Planner_(programming_language): Planner
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polymorphic_Programming_Language: PPL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portable_Document_Format: PDF
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PostScript: PostScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PowerShell: PowerShell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Processing_(programming_language): Processing
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Profile_Scripting_Language: PSL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Programming_Language_for_Business: PL/B
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Project_Verona: Project Verona
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prolog: Prolog
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PureData: PureData
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PureScript: PureScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pyomo: Pyomo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Python_(programming_language): Python
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/QB64: QB64
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/QBasic: QBasic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Q_(programming_language_from_Kx_Systems): Q
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Q_(programming_language_from_Kx_Systems): q (kdb)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Qore_(programming_language): Qore
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Qt_(framework): Qt
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/QuickBasic: QuickBasic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/REBOL: REBOL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/REXX: REXX
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RPL_(programming_language): RPL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/R_(programming_language): R
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Racket_(programming_language): Racket
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Raku_(programming_language): Raku
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ratfor: Ratfor
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/React_(JavaScript_library): React JS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rebol: Rebol
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red_(programming_language): Red
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reduce_(computer_algebra_system): Reduce
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Regency_Systems_R2C: Regency Systems
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reia_(programming_language): Reia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ring_(programming_language): Ring
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ruby_(programming_language): Ruby
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rust_(programming_language): Rust
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/S3_(programming_language): S3
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SAC_programming_language: SAC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SAKO_(programming_language): SAKO
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SASL_(programming_language): SASL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SAS_language: SAS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SETL2: SETL2
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SHACL: SHACL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SISAL: SISAL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SNOBOL: SNOBOL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SPARK_(programming_language): Spark
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SPARQL: SPARQL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SQL/PSM: SQL/PSM
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SQL: SQL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/STOIC: STOIC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SYMPL: SYMPL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/S_(programming_language): S
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sather: Sather
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scala_(programming_language): Scala
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scala_programming_language: Scala
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scheme_(programming_language): Scheme
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scheme_(programming_language): Scheme (R6RS)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scilab: Scilab
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ScratchJr: ScratchJr
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scratch_(programming_language): Scratch
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seed7: Seed7
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Self_(programming_language): Self
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SenseTalk: SenseTalk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simula: Simula
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Singularity_(operating_system): Singularity
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SmallBasic: SmallBasic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smalltalk: Smalltalk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snap!_(programming_language): Snap!
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Speakeasy_(computational_environment): Speakeasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Squeak: Squeak
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stackless_Python: Stackless Python
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Standard_ML: Standard ML
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steelman_language_requirements: Steelman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strand_(programming_language): Strand
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Structured_text: Structured text
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SubL: SubL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SuperCollider: SuperCollider
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SuperPascal: SuperPascal
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SuperTalk: SuperTalk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Superplan: Superplan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swift_(programming_language): Swift
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SystemVerilog: SystemVerilog
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/T_(programming_language): T
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tcl: Tcl
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tea_(programming_language): Tea
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turing_(programming_language): Turing
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turing_Plus: Turing Plus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turtlestitch: Turtlestitch
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TypeScript: TypeScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VAX: VAX
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VHDL: VHDL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/V_(programming_language): V
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/V_(programming_language): V (Vlang)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vala_(programming_language): Vala
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Verilog: Verilog
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vilnius_BASIC: Vilnius BASIC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visual_Basic_(.NET): Visual Basic 9.0
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visual_Basic_.NET: Visual Basic .NET
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visual_Basic_for_Applications: Visual Basic for Applications
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visual_J_Sharp: J#
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visual_Prolog: Visual Prolog
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Citation_needed: citation needed
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_Forms: Windows Forms
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_PowerShell: PowerShell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_PowerShell: Windows PowerShell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wolfram_Language: Wolfram Language
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XHarbour: xHarbour
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xojo: Xojo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Z-machine: ZIL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zig_(programming_language): Zig
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zonnon: Zonnon

-------------
influenced by : 326
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/*Lisp: *Lisp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A+_(programming_language): A+
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ABC_(programming_language): ABC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AIMACO: AIMACO
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ALF_(proof_assistant): ALF
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ALGOL: ALGOL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ALGOL_58: ALGOL 58
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ALGOL_58: IAL, ALGOL 58
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ALGOL_60: ALGOL 60
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ALGOL_68: ALGOL 68
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ALGOL_W: ALGOL W
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ALGOL_Y: ALGOL Y
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AMPL: AMPL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ANSI_C: ANSI C
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/APL_(programming_language): APL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/APL_programming_language: APL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ARITH-MATIC: ARITH-MATIC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ARPAnet: ARPAnet
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AWK: AWK
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ActionScript: ActionScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Active_Oberon: Active Oberon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Actor-Based_Concurrent_Language: ABCL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Actor_model: Actor model
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Actor_model_middle_history#Actor_programming_languages: Act1
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ada_(programming_language): Ada
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ada_(programming_language): Ada 83
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agda_(programming_language): Agda
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AgentCubes: AgentCubes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AgentSheets: AgentSheets
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alef_(programming_language): Alef
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alice_(programming_language): Alice
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alphard_(programming_language): Alphard
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AssemblyScript: AssemblyScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Assembly_language: Assembly language
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AtScript: AtScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atlas_Autocode: Atlas Autocode
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BASIC: BASIC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BASIC: Basic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BASIC_programming_language: BASIC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BBN_LISP: BBN LISP
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BCPL: BCPL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BETA_(programming_language): BETA
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/B_(programming_language): B
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Befunge: Befunge
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blockly: Blockly
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bluespec: Bluespec
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boo_(programming_language): Boo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bourne_shell: Bourne shell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brainfuck: Brainfuck
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Burroughs_B5000: Burroughs B5000
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C%CF%89: Cω
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C++: C++
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CLU_(programming_language): CLU
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CMS_EXEC: EXEC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/COBOL: COBOL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/COMIT: COMIT
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/COMTRAN: COMTRAN
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CPL_(programming_language): CPL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C_(programming_language): C
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C_Sharp_(programming_language): C#
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C_Sharp_(programming_language): C#.NET
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caml: Caml
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chef_(software): Chef
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clarion_(programming_language): Clarion
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clean_(programming_language): Clean
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clojure: Clojure
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clojure_(programming_language): Clojure
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CoffeeScript: CoffeeScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_Lisp: Common Lisp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_Lisp_Object_System: CLOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Communicating_Sequential_Processes: Communicating Sequential Processes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Communicating_sequential_processes: CSP
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Communicating_sequential_processes: Communicating sequential processes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Communicating_sequential_processes: communicating sequential processes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Concurrent_Pascal: Concurrent Pascal
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Control_Language: CL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coq_(software): Coq
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cornell_University_Programming_Language: CUPL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cray_MTA: Cray MTA
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cray_XMT: XMT
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyclone_(programming_language): Cyclone
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cython: Cython
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DIGITAL_Command_Language: DCL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DSSSL: DSSSL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DYNAMO_(programming_language): DYNAMO
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/D_(programming_language): D
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/D_language: D
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dataflow: dataflow
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Datalog: Datalog
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delphi_(software): Delphi
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dependent_ML: Dependent ML
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diagram: diagrams
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DirectShow: DirectShow
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DirectX: DirectX
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dylan_(programming_language): Dylan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ECMAScript: ECMAScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EISPACK: EISPACK
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EXEC_2: EXEC 2
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E_(programming_language): E
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ed_(text_editor): ed
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eiffel_(programming_language): Eiffel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elixir_(programming_language): Elixir
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elm_(programming_language): Elm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Epigram_(programming_language): Epigram
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Erlang_(programming_language): Erlang
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Esoteric_programming_language#FALSE: FALSE
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Etoys_(programming_language): Etoys
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EuLisp: EuLisp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Euclid_(programming_language): Euclid
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Euler_(programming_language): Euler
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Excel_function: Excel functions
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Excel_macro: Excel macros
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Executive_Systems_Problem_Oriented_Language: ESPOL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Executive_Systems_Problem_Oriented_Language: Executive Systems Problem Oriented Language
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FACT_computer_language: FACT
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FARGO_(programming_language): FARGO
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FLOW-MATIC: FLOW-MATIC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FORTRAN: FORTRAN
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FP_(programming_language): FP
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/F_Sharp_(programming_language): F#
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flowchart: Flowcharts
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forth_(programming_language): Forth
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fortran: Fortran
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Franz_Lisp: Franz Lisp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Functional_programming: functional programming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GW-BASIC: GW-BASIC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Go_(programming_language): Go
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gofer_(programming_language): Gofer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gosu_(programming_language): Gosu
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Groovy_(programming_language): Groovy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haskell: Haskell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haskell_(programming_language): Haskell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/High_Performance_Fortran: HPF
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hope_(programming_language): Hope
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hy_(programming_language): Hy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HyperCard: HyperCard
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HyperTalk: HyperTalk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_709/90_9PAC: 9PAC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_BASICA: IBM BASICA
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_Cassette_BASIC: IBM Cassette BASIC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_Disk_BASIC: IBM Disk BASIC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IDL_(programming_language): IDL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IMP_(programming_language): IMP
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/INTERCAL: INTERCAL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISWIM: ISWIM
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Icon_(programming_language): Icon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Icon_programming_language: Icon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Id_(programming_language): Id
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inform: Inform
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Information_Processing_Language: Information Processing Language
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interlisp: Interlisp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interpress: Interpress
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Io_(programming_language): Io
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JOSS: JOSS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JOVIAL: JOVIAL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSON: JSON
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JScript: JScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/J_Sharp: J#
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Janus_(concurrent_constraint_programming_language): Janus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript: JavaScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_(programming_language): Java
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_virtual_machine: JVM
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Javascript_(programming_language): Javascript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joule_(programming_language): Joule
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joy_(programming_language): Joy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joyce_(programming_language): Joyce
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/K_(programming_language): k
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kent_Recursive_Calculator: KRC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KornShell: Ksh
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kotlin_(programming_language): Kotlin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LINPACK: LINPACK
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LIS_(programming_language): LIS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LPC_(programming_language): LPC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laning_and_Zierler_system: Laning and Zierler system
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Limbo_(programming_language): Limbo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lisp_(programming_language): Lisp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lisp_Machine_Lisp: Lisp Machine Lisp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lisp_programming_language: Lisp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logo_(programming_language): LOGO
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logo_(programming_language): Logo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lolcat: Lolcats
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lua_(programming_language): Lua
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MASSCOMP: Laboratory Workbench
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MATLAB: MATLAB
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MDL_(programming_language): MDL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ML_(programming_language): ML
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Machine_code: machine code
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maclisp: Maclisp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Macsyma: Macsyma
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maker_culture: Maker Culture
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Managed_Extensions_for_C++: Managed Extensions for C++
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mathematica: Mathematica
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mathematical_notation: Mathematical notation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Max/MSP: Max/MSP
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mesa_(programming_language): Mesa
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Message_Passing_Interface: MPI
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metafont: Metafont
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_BASIC: Microsoft BASIC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miranda_(programming_language): Miranda
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modula-2+: Modula-2+
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modula-2: Modula-2
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modula-3: Modula-3
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modula: Modula
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NESL: NESL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natural_language_programming: Natural language
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natural_language_programming: Natural language programming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NekoVM: NekoVM
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Newsqueak: Newsqueak
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NewtonScript: NewtonScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OCaml: OCaml
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OPS5: OPS5
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oberon-2: Oberon-2
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oberon_(programming_language): Oberon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object_Oberon: Object Oberon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object_Pascal: Object Pascal
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object_REXX: ooREXX
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Objective-C: Objective-C
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Occam_(programming_language): occam
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orwell_(programming_language): Orwell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oxygene_(programming_language): Oxygene
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oz_(programming_language): Oz
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/P%E2%80%B2%E2%80%B2: P′′
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PHP: PHP
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PL/0: PL/0
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PL/1: PL/1
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PL/I: PL/I
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PL/SQL: PL/SQL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PLEX_(programming_language): PLEX
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/POP-2: POP-2
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ParaSail_(programming_language): ParaSail
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pascal_(programming_language): Pascal
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Perl: Perl
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pipeline_(Unix): Pipeline (Unix)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pizza_(programming_language): Pizza
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plankalk%C3%BCl: Plankalkül
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Planner_(programming_language): Planner
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polymorphic_Programming_Language: PPL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prolog: Prolog
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Puppet_(software): Puppet
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pure_Data: Pure Data
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Python_(programming_language): Python
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/QBasic: QBasic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/QML: QML
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Q_(programming_language_from_Kx_Systems): Q
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Qt_(framework): Qt
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/QuickBASIC: QuickBASIC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/REXX: REXX
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/R_(programming_language): R
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Racket_(programming_language): Racket
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rebol: Rebol
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Regular_expression: Regular expression
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RelaxNG: RelaxNG
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reverse_Polish_Notation: RPN
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rexx: Rexx
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ruby_(programming_language): Ruby
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rust_(programming_language): Rust
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SAIL_(programming_language): SAIL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SASL_(programming_language): SASL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SETL: SETL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SISAL: SISAL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SNOBOL: SNOBOL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SP/k: SP/k
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SPARQL: SPARQL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SQL: SQL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/S_(programming_language): S
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scala_(programming_language): Scala
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scheme_(programming_language): Scheme
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schoonschip: Schoonschip
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scratch_(programming_language): Scratch
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scratch_(programming_language): Scratch (programming language)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sed: sed
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Self_(programming_language): Self
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Semi-Automatic_Ground_Environment: SAGE
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simscript: Simscript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simula67: Simula67
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simula: Simula
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simula_67: Simula 67
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sketchpad: Sketchpad
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smalltalk: Smalltalk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snap!_(programming_language): Snap!
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snobol4: Snobol4
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Speakeasy_(computational_environment): Speakeasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Speedcoding: Speedcoding
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Split-C: Split-C
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Squeak: Squeak
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Standard_ML: SML
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Standard_ML: Standard ML
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/StarLogo: StarLogo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stardent_Computer: AVS (Advanced Visualization System)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/StrongTalk: StrongTalk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strongtalk: Strongtalk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swift_(parallel_scripting_language): Swift (parallel scripting language)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swift_(programming_language): Swift
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Symbolic_Manipulation_Program: SMP
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TMG_(language): TMG
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TRAC_programming_language: TRAC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tcl: Tcl
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tk_(software): Tk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turtle_(syntax): Turtle
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TypeScript: TypeScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UCSD_Pascal: UCSD Pascal
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unified_Modeling_Language: UML
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix_shell: Unix shell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VB.NET: VB.NET
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visual_Basic: VB
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visual_Basic: Visual Basic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visual_Basic_(classic): Classic Visual Basic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visual_Basic_(classic): Visual Basic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visual_Basic_.NET: Visual Basic .NET
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visual_J++: J++
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visual_J++: Visual J++
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whiley_(programming_language): Whiley
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Citation_needed: citation needed
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wolfram_Language: Wolfram Language
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XACML: XACML
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XAML: XAML
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XBase: xBase
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XML: XML
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XPL: XPL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XPath: XPath
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XSLT: XSLT
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YAML: YAML
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ZPL_(programming_language): ZPL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Z_notation: Z
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ZeroMQ: ØMQ
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zig_(programming_language): Zig

-------------
major implementations : 227
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.NET: .NET
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.NET_Framework: .NET Framework
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.NET_Framework_SDK: .NET Framework SDK
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ALGOL_68-R: ALGOL 68-R
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ALGOL_68C: ALGOL 68C
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ALGOL_68RS: ALGOL 68RS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ALGOL_68S: ALGOL 68S
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AMESim: AMESim
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/APLX: APLX
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ARM_architecture_family: ARM
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ARexx: ARexx
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ASP.NET: ASP.NET
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Absoft_Fortran_Compilers: Absoft
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ActionScript: ActionScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Active_Scripting: Active Scripting
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Active_Server_Pages: Active Server Pages
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adobe_AIR: Adobe AIR
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adobe_Flash_Player: Adobe Flash Player
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Allegro_Common_Lisp: Allegro CL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amber_Smalltalk: Amber
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apache_Flex: Apache Flex
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apache_Jena: Apache Jena
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Armed_Bear_Common_Lisp: ABCL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/B-Prolog: B-Prolog
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berkeley_Software_Distribution: BSD
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C++Builder: C++Builder
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C++Builder: Embarcadero C++Builder
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CATIA: CATIA
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CDC_6000: CDC 6000
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CLISP: CLISP
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CMUCL: CMUCL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CPython: CPython
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C_(programming_language): C
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C_Sharp_(programming_language): C#
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Scheme_(programming_language)_implementations: Scheme implementations
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chakra_(JScript_engine): Chakra
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ciao_(programming_language): Ciao
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CircuitPython: CircuitPython
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clang: Clang
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clang: LLVM Clang
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clozure_CL: Clozure CL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cocoa_(API): Cocoa
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_Language_Infrastructure: CLI
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cray: Cray
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Croquet_Project: Croquet
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DDC-I: DDC-I
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DEC_Systems_Research_Center: SRC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delphi_(software): Delphi
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delphi_(software): Embarcadero Delphi
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Digital_Equipment_Corporation: DEC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dis_virtual_machine: Dis virtual machine
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dolphin_Smalltalk: Dolphin Smalltalk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Domain-specific_language: Domain-specific language
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DotGNU: DotGNU
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dymola: Dymola
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ECLiPSe: ECLiPSe
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eclipse_(software): Eclipse
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edison_Design_Group: EDG
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EiffelStudio: EiffelStudio
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Embeddable_Common_Lisp: ECL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FANUC: FANUC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FLACC: FLACC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flutter_(software): Flutter
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_Pascal: Free Pascal
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_University_of_Berlin: FU Berlin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/G95: G95
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNAT: GNAT
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_Common_Lisp: GCL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_Compiler_Collection: GCC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_Data_Language: GNU Data Language
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_Fortran: GFortran
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_Octave: GNU Octave
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_Pascal: GNU Pascal
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_Prolog: GNU Prolog
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_Smalltalk: GNU Smalltalk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_m4: GNU m4
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gemstone_(database): GemStone/S
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genera_(operating_system): Symbolics Common Lisp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gforth: Gforth
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ghostscript: Ghostscript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glasgow_Haskell_Compiler: GHC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GnuCOBOL: GnuCOBOL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Google_Apps_Script: Google Apps Script
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GraalVM#Language_and_Runtime_Support: TruffleRuby
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gradle: Gradle
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grails_(framework): Grails
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Green_Hills_Software: Green Hills Software
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HHVM: HHVM
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haas_Automation: Haas
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haskell: Haskell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heidenhain: Heidenhain
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hitachi: Hitachi
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hugs_(interpreter): Hugs
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM: IBM
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_704: IBM 704
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_7090: 7090
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_COBOL: IBM COBOL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_System/360: S/360
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_System/370: IBM System/370
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_System/370: S/370
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_VisualAge: VA Smalltalk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_XL_C++: IBM XL C++
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ICT_1900_series: ICL 1900
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/InScript_(JavaScript_engine): InScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intel_C++_Compiler: Intel C
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intel_C++_Compiler: Intel C++ Compiler
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intel_Fortran_Compiler: Intel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IronPython: IronPython
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JModelica.org: JModelica.org
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JRuby: JRuby
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JScript: JScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JScript_.NET: JScript .NET
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript: JavaScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScriptCore: JavaScriptCore
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_(programming_language): Java
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_virtual_machine: Java virtual machine
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jython: Jython
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LibertyEiffel: LibertyEiffel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Libxslt: libxslt
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linux: Linux
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LispWorks: LispWorks
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_relational_database_management_systems: Many
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logic_Programming_Associates: LPA Prolog
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIL-STD-1750A: MIL-STD-1750A
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIPS_architecture: MIPS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MLton: MLton
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MVS: MVS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MacOS: macOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mac_OS_X: Mac OS X
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MapleSim: MapleSim
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MariaDB: MariaDB
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MicroPython: MicroPython
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Micro_Focus: Micro Focus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Visual_C++: Microsoft Visual C++
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Visual_C_Sharp: Visual C#
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Visual_Studio: Microsoft Visual Studio
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Windows: Windows
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mimer_SQL: Mimer SQL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mono_(software): Mono
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Morphic_(software): Morphic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motorola_68000: Motorola 68000
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mruby: mruby
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MySQL: MySQL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Numerical_Algorithms_Group: Numerical Algorithms Group
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Odra_(computer): Odra ALGOL 68
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Okuma_Corporation: Okuma
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OpenModelica: OpenModelica
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OpenVMS: OpenVMS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_source: open source
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oracle_Solaris_Studio: Oracle Solaris Studio
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oxygene_(programming_language): Oxygene
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PDP-10: PDP-10
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PDP-11: PDP-11
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PGI_compiler: PGI
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PL/SQL: PL/SQL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PTC_(software_company): PTC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parrot_virtual_machine: Parrot
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pascal-P: Pascal-P
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PathScale: PathScale
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PeachPie: PeachPie
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pharo: Pharo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philco: Philco
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poly/ML: Poly/ML
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poplog: Poplog
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portable_C_Compiler: pcc
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PowerPC: PowerPC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ppc64: ppc64
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prolog: Prolog
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PyPy: PyPy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/QtScript: QtScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quercus_(software): Quercus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quintus_Prolog: Quintus Prolog
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rakudo: Rakudo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reference_implementation: reference implementation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robotics: Robotics
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roslyn_(compiler): Roslyn Compiler
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rubinius: Rubinius
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RubyMotion: RubyMotion
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ruby_MRI: Ruby MRI
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/S-PLUS: S-PLUS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SAP_R/2: SAP R/2
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SAP_R/3: SAP R/3
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SAP_S/4HANA: SAP S/4HANA
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SBCL: SBCL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SPARC: SPARC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SPITBOL: SPITBOL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SQL_PL: SQL PL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SWI-Prolog: SWI-Prolog
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saxon_XSLT: Saxon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scaleform_GFx: Scaleform GFx
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scicos: Scicos
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scratch_(programming_language): Scratch
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SemmleCode: SemmleCode
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Siemens: Siemens
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Silverfrost_FTN95: Silverfrost
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SimulationX: SimulationX
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SmartEiffel: SmartEiffel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Space_missions: Space missions
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SpiderMonkey_(JavaScript_engine): SpiderMonkey
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Squeak: Squeak
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stackless_Python: Stackless Python
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Standard_ML_of_New_Jersey: SML/NJ
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sysquake: Sysquake
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TrueImage: TrueImage
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tweak_(programming_environment): Tweak
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UCBLogo: UCBLogo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UNIVAC_1108: UNIVAC 1108
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Universal_Windows_Platform: Universal Windows Platform
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/V8_(JavaScript_engine): V8
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VSI_Pascal: VSI Pascal
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virtuoso_Universal_Server: OpenLink Virtuoso
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VisualWorks: VisualWorks
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visual_Eiffel: Visual Eiffel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Watcom_C/C++: Watcom C
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Watcom_C_compiler: Open Watcom
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_Script_Host: Windows Script Host
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wolfram_Mathematica: Mathematica
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wolfram_SystemModeler: Wolfram SystemModeler
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X86: x86
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XSB: XSB
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xalan: Xalan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xcos: Xcos
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YAP_(Prolog): YAP
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YARV: YARV
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yamazaki_Mazak_Corporation: Mazak
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yhc: Yhc
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zend_Engine: Zend Engine

-------------
designed by : 227
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ARINC: ARINC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acadia_University: Acadia University
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adele_Goldberg_(computer_scientist): Adele Goldberg
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adriaan_van_Wijngaarden: A. van Wijngaarden
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adriaan_van_Wijngaarden: van Wijngaarden
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alain_Colmerauer: Alain Colmerauer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alan_Jay_Perlis: Perlis
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alan_Kay: Alan Kay
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexander_Repenning: Alexander Repenning
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alfred_Aho: Alfred Aho
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Allen_Newell: Allen Newell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anders_Hejlsberg: Anders Hejlsberg
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrei_Alexandrescu: Andrei Alexandrescu
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrey_Ershov: Andrey Ershov
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andy_Gavin: Andy Gavin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_Inc.: Apple Inc.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arthur_Whitney_(computer_scientist): Arthur Whitney
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ateji: Ateji
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bank_of_Italy: Bank of Italy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barbara_Liskov: Barbara Liskov
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barry_J._Mailloux: B. J. Mailloux
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barry_Richmond: Barry Richmond
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bell_Labs: Bell Labs
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beno%C3%AEt_Minisini: Benoît Minisini
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bernard_Galler: Bernard Galler
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bernard_Vauquois: Vauquois
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bertrand_Meyer: Bertrand Meyer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bill_Gates: Bill Gates
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bill_Paxton_(computer_scientist): Bill Paxton
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Birger_M%C3%B8ller-Pedersen: Birger Møller-Pedersen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bjarne_Stroustrup: Bjarne Stroustrup
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brad_Cox: Brad Cox
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brendan_Eich: Brendan Eich
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brian_Harvey_(lecturer): Brian Harvey
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brian_Kernighan: Brian Kernighan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bruce_Arden: Bruce Arden
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bruce_Daniels: Bruce Daniels
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Butler_Lampson: Butler Lampson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Calvin_Mooers: Calvin Mooers
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carl_Hewitt: Carl Hewitt
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carl_Sassenrath: Carl Sassenrath
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_H._Moore: Charles H. Moore
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Katz: Katz
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chris_Barker_(linguist): Chris Barker
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chris_Lattner: Chris Lattner
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christopher_Strachey: Christopher Strachey
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chuck_Geschke: Chuck Geschke
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cleve_Moler: Cleve Moler
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cliff_Shaw: Cliff Shaw
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_Sciences_Corporation: Computer Sciences Corporation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conor_McBride: Conor McBride
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cornelis_H._A._Koster: C. H. A. Koster
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corrado_B%C3%B6hm: Corrado Böhm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cynthia_Solomon: Cynthia Solomon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Damien_Doligez: Damien Doligez
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dan_Ingalls: Dan Ingalls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dan_Weinreb: Dan Weinreb
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_A._Moon: David A. Moon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Gelernter: David Gelernter
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_H._Munro: David H. Munro
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_J._Farber: David J. Farber
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_May_(computer_scientist): David May
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Turner_(computer_scientist): David Turner
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Ungar: David Ungar
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dennis_Ritchie: Dennis Ritchie
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Don_Syme: Don Syme
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donald_D._Chamberlin: Donald D. Chamberlin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Douglas_T._Ross: Douglas T. Ross
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ECMAScript: ECMAScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ecma_International: Ecma International
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Erik_Meijer_(computer_scientist): Erik Meijer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frank_Leymann: Frank Leymann
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Friedrich_Ludwig_Bauer: Bauer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/G%C3%A9rard_Huet: Gérard Huet
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gary_Grossman: Gary Grossman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gautam_Mitra: Gautam Mitra
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gavin_Wood: Gavin Wood
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ge_Wang: Ge Wang
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geoffrey_Gordon_(computer_scientist): Geoffrey Gordon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gerald_J._Popek: Gerald J. Popek
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gerald_Jay_Sussman: Gerald Jay Sussman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gerald_Sussman: Gerald Sussman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gilad_Bracha: Gilad Bracha
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Google_scholar: Google scholar
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grace_Hopper: Grace Hopper
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greg_Nelson_(computer_scientist): Greg Nelson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guido_van_Rossum: Guido van Rossum
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guy_L._Steele,_Jr.: Guy L. Steele, Jr.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guy_L._Steele: Guy L. Steele
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guy_L._Steele_Jr.: Guy Steele
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guy_Steele: Guy Steele
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hank_Levy_(computer_scientist): Henry M. Levy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heinz_Rutishauser: Heinz Rutishauser
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heinz_Rutishauser: Rutishauser
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Herbert_A._Simon: Herbert A. Simon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hermann_Bottenbruch: Bottenbruch
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hewlett-Packard: Hewlett-Packard
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Honeywell: Honeywell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM: IBM
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO: ISO
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ITU-T: CCITT
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intermetrics: Intermetrics
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/J%C3%BCrg_Gutknecht: Jürg Gutknecht
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jacob_T._Schwartz: Jacob T. Schwartz
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Clark_(programmer): James Clark
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Cordy: J.R. Cordy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Cordy: James Cordy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_G._Mitchell: James G. Mitchell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Gosling: James Gosling
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Strachan_(programmer): James Strachan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_Community_Process: JCP
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jean-Christophe_Baillie: Jean-Christophe Baillie
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jean_E._Sammet: Jean E. Sammet
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jean_Ichbiah: Jean Ichbiah
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jef_Raskin: Jef Raskin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeffrey_Snover: Jeffrey Snover
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeremy_Ashkenas: Jeremy Ashkenas
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JetBrains: JetBrains
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jim_Horning: Jim Horning
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joe_Armstrong_(programmer): Joe Armstrong
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Backus: John Backus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Barnes_(computer_scientist): J.G.P. Barnes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Carmack: John Carmack
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_E._L._Peck: J. E. L. Peck
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Hughes_(computer_scientist): John Hughes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Launchbury: John Launchbury
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_McCarthy_(computer_scientist): John McCarthy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_McCarthy_(computer_scientist): McCarthy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Ousterhout: John Ousterhout
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Warner_Backus: Backus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Warnock: John Warnock
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joseph_Henry_Wegstein: Wegstein
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KUKA: KUKA
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keith_Clark_(computer_scientist): Keith Clark
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ken_Thompson: Ken Thompson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ken_Thompson_(computer_programmer): Ken Thompson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kenneth_E._Iverson: Kenneth E. Iverson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kent_Pitman: Kent Pitman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Klaus_Samelson: Samelson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Konrad_Zuse: Konrad Zuse
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kristen_Nygaard: Kristen Nygaard
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Krzysztof_R._Apt: Krzysztof Apt
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lambert_Meertens: Lambert Meertens
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Larry_Tesler: Larry Tesler
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Larry_Wall: Larry Wall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lars_Bak_(computer_programmer): Lars Bak
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laurent_Ribardi%C3%A8re: Laurent Ribardière
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lee_E._McMahon: Lee E. McMahon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lennart_Augustsson: Lennart Augustsson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luca_Cardelli: Luca Cardelli
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mahmoud_Samir_Fayed: Mahmoud Samir Fayed
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_S._Miller: Mark S. Miller
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martin_Odersky: Martin Odersky
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martin_Richards_(computer_scientist): Martin Richards
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Massachusetts_Institute_of_Technology: MIT
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Massachusetts_Institute_of_Technology: Massachusetts Institute of Technology
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_P._Barnett: Michael Barnett
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Woodger: Woodger
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft: Microsoft
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Research: Microsoft Research
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mike_Cowlishaw: Mike Cowlishaw
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mitchel_Resnick: Mitchel Resnick
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NASA: NASA
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neil_Pappalardo: Neil Pappalardo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Netscape: Netscape
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nico_Habermann: A. N. Habermann
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Niklaus_Wirth: Niklaus Wirth
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ole-Johan_Dahl: Ole-Johan Dahl
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Graham_(programmer): Paul Graham
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Hudak: Paul Hudak
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Per_Brinch_Hansen: Per Brinch Hansen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_J._Weinberger: Peter Weinberger
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_Landin: Peter Landin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_Naur: Naur
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phil_Moorby: Phil Moorby
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philip_Wadler: Philip Wadler
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philip_Woodward: Philip Woodward
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prabhu_Goel: Prabhu Goel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RAND_Corporation: RAND
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radboud_University_Nijmegen: Radboud University Nijmegen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ralph_Griswold: Ralph Griswold
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rasmus_Lerdorf: Rasmus Lerdorf
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Raymond_F._Boyce: Raymond F. Boyce
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Remington_Rand: Remington Rand
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ric_Holt: R.C. Holt
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ric_Holt: Ric Holt
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rich_Hickey: Rich Hickey
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_E._Pattis: Richard E. Pattis
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_P._Gabriel: Richard P. Gabriel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Stallman: Richard Stallman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rob_Pike: Rob Pike
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_A._Greenes: Robert A. Greenes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Fourer: Robert Fourer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Gentleman_(statistician): Robert Gentleman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Griesemer: Robert Griesemer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_M._Graham_(computer_scientist): Robert M. Graham
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robin_Milner: Robin Milner
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roger_Hui: Roger Hui
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ross_Ihaka: Ross Ihaka
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SAP_SE: SAP SE
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SHARE_(computing): SHARE
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sanjiva_Weerawarana: Sanjiva Weerawarana
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scott_Fahlman: Scott Fahlman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seymour_Papert: Seymour Papert
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simon_Peyton_Jones: Simon Peyton Jones
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stephen_Wolfram: Stephen Wolfram
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve_Omohundro: Steve Omohundro
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steven_Pemberton: Steven Pemberton
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/System_Development_Corporation: System Development Corporation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TU_Wien: TU Wien
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thinking_Machines_Corporation: Thinking Machines
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tim_Sweeney: Tim Sweeney
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom_Duff: Tom Duff
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tony_Hoare: Tony Hoare
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_Edinburgh: University of Edinburgh
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_Ottawa: University of Ottawa
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_Oxford: University of Oxford
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Valentin_Turchin: Valentin Turchin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Victor_Yngve: Victor Yngve
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/W3C: W3C
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WSO2: WSO2
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wally_Feurzeig: Wally Feurzeig
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Walter_Bright: Walter Bright
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Wulf: W. A. Wulf
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wroc%C5%82aw_University: Wrocław University
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xavier_Leroy: Xavier Leroy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yukihiro_Matsumoto: Yukihiro Matsumoto

-------------
paradigm : 167
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agent-based_model: agent-based
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agent-oriented_programming: Agent-oriented programming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agent-oriented_programming: agent-oriented
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Algebraic_types: algebraic types
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Array_programming: Array
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Array_programming: array
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Array_programming: vector-oriented programming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aspect-oriented_programming: aspect-oriented
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Assembly_language: Assembly
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Block_(programming): block structured
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Class-based_programming: Class-based
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Class-based_programming: class-based
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Class_(computer_programming): class-based
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Compiled_language: compiled
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Concatenative_programming: Concatenative
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Concatenative_programming_language: concatenative
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Concurrent_computing: Concurrent
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Concurrent_computing: concurrent
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Concurrent_constraint_logic_programming: Concurrent constraint logic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Concurrent_constraint_logic_programming: concurrent constraint logic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Concurrent_object-oriented_programming: Concurrent
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Concurrent_programming: concurrent
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Concurrent_programming_language: concurrent
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Constraint_programming: Constraint programming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Constraint_programming: constraint
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data-centric_programming_language: data-centric
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data-driven_programming: data-driven
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_Validation: Data Validation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_exchange_language: data exchange
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dataflow: Dataflow programming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dataflow_programming: Dataflow
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dataflow_programming: dataflow
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Declarative_Language: Declarative Language
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Declarative_programming: Declarative
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Declarative_programming: Declarative language
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Declarative_programming: Declarative programming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Declarative_programming: declarative
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Distributed_computing: distributed
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Distributed_programming: distributed
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Domain-specific_language: domain-specific
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Educational_programming_language: educational
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Esoteric_programming_language: Esoteric
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Esoteric_programming_language: esoteric
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Event-driven_programming: Event-driven
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Event-driven_programming: event-driven
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Expert_system: expert system
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Expression-oriented_programming_language: exp-oriented
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extensible_programming: extensible
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Function-level_programming: Function-level
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Function-level_programming: function-level
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Functional_programming: Functional
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Functional_programming: Functional programming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Functional_programming: functional
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Functional_programming_language: Functional
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Functional_programming_language: functional
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/General-purpose_macro_processor: general-purpose macro processor
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/General-purpose_programming_language: general-purpose
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Generic_programming: Generic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Generic_programming: generic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Generic_programming: generics
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imperative_programming: Imperative
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imperative_programming: Imperative programming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imperative_programming: Imperative, procedural
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imperative_programming: imperative
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imperative_programming_language: imperative
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interface_(object-oriented_programming): protocol-oriented
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interpreted_language: interpreted
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Language_oriented_programming: language oriented programming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lazy_evaluation: lazy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logic_Programming: Logic Programming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logic_programming: Logic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logic_programming: Logic programming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logic_programming: logic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logic_programming: logical
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logic_programming_language: logic-paradigm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Low-code_development_platform: Low-code
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MPMD: MPMD
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Macro_(computer_science): macro
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Macro_(computer_science): macros
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Message_passing: message passing
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metaprogramming: Meta
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metaprogramming: meta
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metaprogramming: metaprogramming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modular_programming: Modular
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modular_programming: modular
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multi-paradigm: Multi-paradigm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multi-paradigm: multi-paradigm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multi-paradigm_programming_language: Multi-paradigm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multi-paradigm_programming_language: multi-paradigm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multi-paradigm_programming_language: multiparadigm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multiple_dispatch: multi-dis
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natural_language_programming: Natural language programming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natural_language_programming: natural language programming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Non-structured_programming: Non-structured
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object-based_language: Object-based
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object-based_language: object-based
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object-oriented: object-oriented
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object-oriented_analysis_and_design: Object oriented
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object-oriented_programming: Object-oriented
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object-oriented_programming: object-oriented
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object-oriented_programming: object-oriented programming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object-oriented_programming_language: object-oriented-paradigm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object_oriented: Object oriented
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object_oriented_programming: object oriented
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object_oriented_programming_language: Object-oriented
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parallel_programming: parallel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parallel_programming_model: Parallel programming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Partitioned_global_address_space: Partitioned global address space
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pattern-matching: Pattern-matching
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pi_calculus: pi calculus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pipeline_(software): pipeline
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pipeline_programming: pipeline
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Procedural_language: procedural
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Procedural_programming: Procedural
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Procedural_programming: Procedural programming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Procedural_programming: procedural
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Production_system_(computer_science): rule processing
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Programming_paradigm#Multi-paradigm: Multi-paradigm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Programming_paradigm#Multi-paradigm: Multi-paradigm:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Programming_paradigm#Multi-paradigm_programming_language: Multi-paradigm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Programming_paradigm#Support_for_multiple_paradigms: Multi-paradigm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Programming_paradigm: Multi-paradigm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prototype-based_programming: Prototype
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prototype-based_programming: prototype-based
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prototype-based_programming: prototype-based programming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prototype-oriented_programming: prototype-based
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Purely_functional_programming: Purely functional
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Purely_functional_programming: pure
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantum_programming: Quantum
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Query_language: Query language
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reactive_programming: reactive
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reflection_(computer_programming): reflective
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reflection_(computer_science): Reflective
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reflective_programming: reflective
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SPMD: SPMD
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scientific_workflow_system: scientific workflow
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scripting_language: Scripting
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scripting_language: scripting
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shared_memory: shared memory
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simulation_language: Simulation language
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simulation_language: simulation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simulation_language: simulation language
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stack-oriented_programming: Stack-oriented
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stack-oriented_programming: stack-based
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stack-oriented_programming_language: stack-based
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stack-oriented_programming_language: stack-oriented
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strongly_typed: strongly typed
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Structured: structured
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Structured_programming: Structured
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Structured_programming: structured
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Symbolic_programming: symbolic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Synchronous_programming_language: synchronous
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tacit_programming: tacit
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Term-rewriting: Term-rewriting
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Term-rewriting: term-rewriting
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Term_rewriting: term rewriting
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Task-based_Asynchronous_Pattern: task-driven
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thread_safe: thread safe
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Typesetting: typesetting
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unstructured_programming: unstructured
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visual_programming_language: Visual
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visual_programming_language: Visual Programming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visual_programming_language: Visual programming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visual_programming_language: block-based
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visual_programming_language: visual
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visual_programming_language: visual programming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Citation_needed: citation needed

-------------
os : 161
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.NET: .NET
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AIX: AIX
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amdahl_UTS: UTS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amiga: Amiga
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AmigaOS: AmigaOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Android_(operating_system): Android
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Android_(operating_system): Android (operating system)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ArcaOS: ArcaOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arduino: Arduino
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atari_TOS: Atari TOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BOS/360: BOS/360
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BSD: BSD
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BeOS: BeOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berkeley_Software_Distribution: BSD
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Burroughs_MCP: Burroughs MCP
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CDC_SCOPE: SCOPE
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CP/M: CP/M
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Calculator: calculators
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CentOS: CentOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chippewa_Operating_System: COS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ChromeOS: ChromeOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classic_MacOS: Classic MacOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classic_Mac_OS: classic Mac OS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Compatible_Time-Sharing_System: CTSS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Connection_Machine: Connection Machine
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Control_Program_Facility: CPF
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conversational_Monitor_System: CMS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-platform: Cross-platform
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-platform: Cross-platform (multi-platform)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-platform: cross-platform
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-platform_software: Cross- (multi-) platform
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-platform_software: Cross-platform
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-platform_software: cross-platform
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cygwin: Cygwin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DOS: DOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Darwin_(operating_system): Darwin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_General_AOS: AOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Debian: Debian
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Domain/OS#AEGIS: AEGIS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DragonFly_BSD: DragonFly BSD
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DragonflyBSD: DragonflyBSD
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EComStation: eComStation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EPOC_(operating_system): EPOC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fedora_(operating_system): Fedora
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FreeBSD: FreeBSD
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GLib: GLib
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HP_Multi-Programming_Executive: HP MPE
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5: HTML5
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haiku_(operating_system): Haiku
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HarmonyOS: HarmonyOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hewlett-Packard: HP
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_650: IBM 650
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_704: IBM 704
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_7090: IBM 7090
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_AIX: AIX
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_Z: IBM Z
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_i: IBM i
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_i: OS/400
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IOS: iOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IOS_(Apple): iOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IPadOS: iPadOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Incompatible_Timesharing_System: ITS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inferno_(operating_system): Inferno
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JOHNNIAC: JOHNNIAC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_virtual_machine: JVM
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linux: Linux
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MS-DOS: MS-DOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MVS: MVS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MacOS: Mac OS X
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MacOS: MacOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MacOS: macOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MacOS_10.12: macOS 10.12
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mac_OS: Mac OS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mac_OS_8: Mac OS 8
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mac_OS_9: Mac OS 9
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mac_OS_X: Mac OS X
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mac_operating_systems: Mac operating systems
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michigan_Terminal_System: MTS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michigan_Terminal_System: Michigan Terminal System
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_.NET: Microsoft .NET
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Windows: Microsoft Windows
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Windows: Win32
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Windows: Windows
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mono_(software): Mono
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motorola_68000: Motorola 68000
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motorola_6809: Motorola 6809
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NetBSD: NetBSD
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OS/2: OS/2
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OS/360: OS/360
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OS/VS1: OS/VS1
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OS_X: OS X
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OpenBSD: OpenBSD
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OpenHarmony: OpenHarmony
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OpenIndiana: OpenIndiana
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OpenSUSE: openSUSE
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OpenVMS: OpenVMS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OpenVMS: VAX/VMS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OpenVMS: VMS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oracle_Solaris: Solaris
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PC_DOS: PC DOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PDP-11: PDP-11
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/POSIX: POSIX
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/POSIX: POSIX-compliant
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PRIMOS: PRIMOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pip_(package_manager): pip (package manager)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plan_9_from_Bell_Labs: Plan 9
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plan_9_from_User_Space: Plan 9 from User Space
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Psion_Organiser: Psion Organiser
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Python_(programming_language): Python
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Raspberry_Pi: Raspberry Pi
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Raspberry_Pi_OS: Raspberry Pi OS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red_Hat: Red Hat
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red_Hat_Enterprise_Linux: Red Hat Enterprise Linux
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sintran_III: Sintran III
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solaris_(operating_system): Solaris
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SunOS: SunOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Symbian: Symbian
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/System_7: System 7
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/System_Support_Program: SSP
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TENEX_(operating_system): TENEX
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TOPS-10: TOPS-10
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TOPS-20: TOPS-20
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Telecommunication: telecommunication
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thinking_Machines_Corporation: Thinking Machines
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TvOS: tvOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UNICOS: UNICOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UNIX: UNIX
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ubuntu_(operating_system): Ubuntu
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_Michigan_Executive_System: UMES
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix-like: Unix-like
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix: Unix
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VAX-11: VAX-11
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VS/9: VS/9
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VSE_(operating_system): DOS/VSE
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VSE_(operating_system): VSE/ESA
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VSE_(operating_system): VSE/SP
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VSE_(operating_system): z/VSE
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Version_10_Unix: Version 10 Unix
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VisionOS: visionOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wang_Laboratories#The_Wang_VS_computer_line: Wang VS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WatchOS: watchOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WebAssembly: WebAssembly
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_browser: web browser
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_browser: web browsers
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows: Windows
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_10: Windows 10
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_7: Windows 7
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_8.1: Windows 8.1
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_8: Windows 8
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_95: Windows 95
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_98: Windows 98
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_Me: Windows Me
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_Mobile: Windows Mobile
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_Server_2003: Windows Server 2003
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_Server_2008: Windows Server 2008
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_Server_2008_R2: Windows Server 2008 R2
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_Subsystem_for_Linux: WSL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_Vista: Windows Vista
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_XP: Windows XP
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Z/OS: z/OS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Z/VM: z/VM

-------------
developer : 157
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%C3%89cole_Polytechnique_F%C3%A9d%C3%A9rale_de_Lausanne: École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%C3%89cole_normale_sup%C3%A9rieure_(Paris): ENS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/4D_SAS: 4D SAS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ANSI_C: ANSI C
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AWS: AWS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aarhus_University: Aarhus University
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Academician_Pilyugin_Center: Academician Pilyugin Center
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acorn_Computers: Acorn
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Actian: Actian Corporation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AdaCore: AdaCore
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adobe_Inc.: Adobe Systems
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adobe_Systems: Adobe Systems
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Altair_Engineering: Altair
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Altran: Altran
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_National_Standards_Institute: ANSI
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andreas_Raab: Andreas Raab
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apache_Software_Foundation: Apache Software Foundation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_Computer: Apple Computer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_Inc.: Apple Computer Inc.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_Inc.: Apple Inc.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BBN_Technologies: Bolt, Beranek and Newman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bell_Labs: Bell Labs
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bob_Bemer: Bob Bemer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boston_University: Boston University
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carnegie_Mellon_University: Carnegie Mellon University
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Centrum_Wiskunde_&_Informatica: Centrum Wiskunde & Informatica
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_H._Moore: Charles H. Moore
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colorado_State_University: Colorado State University
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Complutense_University_of_Madrid: Complutense University of Madrid
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_Sciences_Corporation: Computer Sciences Corporation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cornell_University: Cornell University
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Courant_Institute_of_Mathematical_Sciences: Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cray: Cray Inc.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DEC_Systems_Research_Center: DEC Systems Research Center
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/D_Language_Foundation: D Language Foundation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dan_Ingalls: Dan Ingalls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_General: Data General
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dennis_Ritchie: Dennis Ritchie
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diana_Merry: Diana Merry
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Digital_Equipment_Corporation: DEC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ETH_Zurich: ETH Zurich
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eclipse_Foundation: Eclipse Foundation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electronic_Industries_Alliance: Electronic Industries Association
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Epic_Games: Epic Games
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ericsson: Ericsson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ethereum: Ethereum
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/F_Sharp_Software_Foundation: The F# Software Foundation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freelance: Independent/Freelance
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/French_Institute_for_Research_in_Computer_Science_and_Automation: INRIA
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/French_Institute_for_Research_in_Computer_Science_and_Automation: Inria
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_Project: GNU Project
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_project: GNU project
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gary_Kildall: Gary Kildall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Google: Google
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HPCC: HPCC Systems®
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harlequin_(software_company): Harlequin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harvard_Medical_School: Harvard Medical School
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hewlett_Packard_Enterprise: Hewlett Packard Enterprise
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Huawei: Huawei
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM: IBM
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IEEE: IEEE
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO/IEC_JTC_1/SC_22: ISO/IEC JTC 1 (Joint Technical Committee 1) / SC 22 (Subcommittee 22)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO/IEC_JTC_1/SC_32: ISO/IEC JTC 1 (Joint Technical Committee 1) / SC 32 (Subcommittee 32)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ITT_Visual_Information_Solutions: ITT Visual Information Solutions (ITT VIS)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Id_Software: id Software
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imperial_Chemical_Industries: Imperial Chemical Industries
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inmos: Inmos
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Institut_national_des_sciences_appliqu%C3%A9es_de_Lyon: INSA Lyon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intel: Intel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intermetrics: Intermetrics
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Computers_Limited: International Computers Limited
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Organization_for_Standardization: International Organization for Standardization
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Cordy: J.R. Cordy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Cordy: James Cordy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeremy_Ashkenas: Jeremy Ashkenas
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JetBrains: JetBrains
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Backus: John Backus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Chambers_(statistician): John Chambers
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johnson_Space_Center: Johnson Space Center
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KUKA: KUKA
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Karl_Glazebrook: Karl Glazebrook
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ken_Thompson_(computer_programmer): Ken Thompson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kiel_University: Kiel University
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kristen_Nygaard: Kristen Nygaard
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/L._Peter_Deutsch: Peter Deutsch
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lawrence_Livermore_National_Laboratory: LLNL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lawrence_M._Breed: Larry Breed
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ludwig_Maximilian_University_of_Munich: Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_Media_Lab: MIT Media Lab
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Macromedia: Macromedia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Massachusetts_Institute_of_Technology: MIT
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Massachusetts_Institute_of_Technology: Massachusetts Institute of Technology
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MathWorks: MathWorks
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microcomputer_Applications_Associates: Microcomputer Applications Associates
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft: Microsoft
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft: Microsoft Corporation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Research: Microsoft Research
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ministry_of_General_Machine_Building: Ministry of General Machine Building
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monash_University: Monash University
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Morgan_Stanley: Morgan Stanley
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NASA: NASA
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Security_Agency: National Security Agency
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Naughty_Dog: Naughty Dog
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Norsk_Data: Norsk Data
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Northwestern_University: Northwestern University
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OpenAtom_Foundation: OpenAtom Foundation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oracle_Corporation: Oracle Corporation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Osaka_Electro-Communication_University: Osaka Electro-Communication University
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PARC_(company): Xerox PARC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polish_Academy_of_Sciences: Polish Academy of Sciences
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portland_State_University: Portland State University
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Project_MAC: Project MAC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Python_Software_Foundation: Python Software Foundation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Qt_Project: Qt Project
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RemObjects_Software: RemObjects Software
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ric_Holt: R.C. Holt
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ric_Holt: Ric Holt
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_H._Lathwell: Dick Lathwell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roger_Moore_(computer_scientist): Roger Moore
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Royal_Radar_Establishment: Royal Radar Establishment
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saarland_University: Saarland University
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Semmle: Semmle
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stanford_University: Stanford University
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve_Russell_(computer_scientist): Steve Russell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sun_Labs: Sun Labs
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sun_Microsystems: Sun Microsystems
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Technical_University_of_Madrid: Technical University of Madrid
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ted_Kaehler: Ted Kaehler
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Open_University: The Open University
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thinking_Machines_Corporation: Thinking Machines Corporation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timothy_Lethbridge: Timothy Lethbridge
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trevor_Hastie: Trevor Hastie
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_Auckland: University of Auckland
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_British_Columbia: UBC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_California,_Berkeley: University of California, Berkeley
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_Copenhagen: University of Copenhagen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_Edinburgh: University of Edinburgh
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_Illinois_at_Urbana-Champaign: University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_M%C3%BCnster: University of Münster
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_Manchester: University of Manchester
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_Melbourne: University of Melbourne
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_Michigan: University of Michigan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_Ottawa: University of Ottawa
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_Oviedo: University of Oviedo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_Waikato: University of Waikato
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_Washington: University of Washington
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Viewpoints_Research_Institute: Viewpoints Research Institute
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vrije_Universiteit_Brussel: Vrije Universiteit Brussel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/W3C: W3C
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WSO2: WSO2
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Citation_needed: citation needed
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_S._Cleveland: William S. Cleveland
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wolfram_Research: Wolfram Research
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Wide_Web_Consortium: World Wide Web Consortium
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X3J13: X3J13
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xerox_PARC: Xerox PARC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zend_Technologies: Zend Technologies

-------------
platform : 157
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.NET: .NET
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.NET_Framework: .NET Framework
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.NET_Framework_4.5: .NET Framework 4.5
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/74181: 74181
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AArch64: AArch64
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AMD64: AMD64
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AMD_Am2900: 2901
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ARM_architecture: ARM
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ARM_architecture: ARM 32-64
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ARM_architecture: ARM|AARCH64
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ARM_architecture: armel, armhf
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ARM_architecture_family: ARM
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ARM_architecture_family: Arm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aarch64: Aarch64
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Micro_Devices: AMD
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agat_(computer): Agat
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Altair_8800: Altair 8800
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amazon_Web_Services: Amazon Web Services
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amiga: Amiga
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Android_(operating_system): Android
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apollo/Domain: Apollo/Domain
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_M1: M1
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_M4: M4
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_iOS: iOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_silicon: Apple silicon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arduino: Arduino
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arm64: arm64
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atari_8-bit: Atari 8-bit
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atari_8-bit_computers: Atari 8-bit computers
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Burroughs_Corporation: Burroughs
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Burroughs_large_systems#B5000: Burroughs B5000
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CDC_6600: CDC 6600
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cell_(microprocessor): Cell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ceres_(workstation): Ceres
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cocoa_(API): Cocoa
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Color_Computer_3: Color Computer 3
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commodore_128: Commodore 128
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commodore_PET: PET
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_Language_Infrastructure: CLI
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_Language_Infrastructure: Common Language Infrastructure
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_Language_Runtime: CLR
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_Language_Runtime: Common Language Runtime
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_Technology_Limited#Modular_One: Modular-1
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_Technology_Limited: CTL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Connection_Machine: Connection Machine
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cray-1: Cray-1
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cray: Cray
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cray_X-MP: X-MP
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-Platform: Cross-Platform
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-platform: Cross-platform
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-platform: Platform-independent
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-platform_software: Cross-platform
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross_platform: Cross platform
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DECSYSTEM-20: DECSYSTEM-20
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DEC_Alpha: DEC Alpha
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DEC_PRISM: PRISM
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_General_Eclipse: Eclipse
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_General_Eclipse_MV/8000: Eclipse/MV
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_General_Nova: Nova
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Digital_Equipment_Corporation: DEC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emacs: Emacs
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/English_Electric_KDF9: English Electric KDF9
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Erlang_(programming_language): Erlang
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ferranti: Ferranti
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU: GNU
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNUstep: GNUstep
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/General_Electric_Company: GEC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Google_Android: Android
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HPE_Integrity_Servers: HPE Integrity Servers
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5: HTML5
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HarmonyOS: HarmonyOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Honeywell: Honeywell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/I686: i686
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IA-32: IA-32
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IA-64: IA-64
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_Power_microprocessors: Power
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_System/360: IBM System/360
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_z_Systems: IBM z Systems
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ICL_System_4: ICL System 4
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IOS: iOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intel_8080: Intel 8080
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Itanium: Itanium
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JVM: JVM
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript: JavaScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript_engine: JavaScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_(Sun): Java
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_(software_platform): Java
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_(software_platform): Java platform
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_Platform,_Standard_Edition: Java SE
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_Runtime_Environment: Java Runtime Environment
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_SE: Java SE
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_Virtual_Machine: Java Virtual Machine
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_bytecode: bytecode
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_platform: Java platform
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_virtual_machine: JVM
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_virtual_machine: Java virtual machine
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LLVM: LLVM
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lego_Mindstorms: Lego Mindstorms
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lilith_(computer): Lilith
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linux: Linux
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linux_on_IBM_Z: s390x
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIPS_architecture: MIPS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIPS_architecture: MIPS, MIPS64el, MIPSel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MOS_Technology_6502: MOS Technology 6502
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MacOS: macOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mainframe_computer: Mainframes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Windows: Windows
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minicomputer: minicomputers
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mono_(software): Mono
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motorola_68000: 68000
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motorola_68000: Motorola 68000
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motorola_68000_series: 68000
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motorola_68000_series: Motorola 68000 series
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motorola_88000: 88000
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multiprocessing: multiprocessor
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ND-500: ND-500
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NS32000: NS32032
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Node.js: Node.js
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nord-10: Nord-10
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nova: Nova
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PDP-10: PDP-10
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PDP-11: PDP-11
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PDP-15: PDP-15
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PDP-9: PDP-9
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Personal_computer: PC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pick_operating_system: D3
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PlayStation_2: PlayStation 2
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PlayStation_3: PlayStation 3
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PlayStation_Portable: PlayStation Portable
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PowerPC: PowerPC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Power_ISA: Power
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ppc64: ppc64
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ppc64: ppc64el
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RISC-V: RISC-V
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Raspberry_Pi: Raspberry Pi
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rocket_U2: U2
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/S390x: s390x
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SPARC: SPARC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/StrongARM: StrongARM
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Superminicomputer: superminicomputer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TRS-80_Color_Computer: TRS-80 Color Computer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TvOS: tvOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UNIVAC_1108: UNIVAC 1108
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UNIVAC_I: UNIVAC I
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UNIVAC_II: UNIVAC II
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Universal_Windows_Platform: Universal Windows Platform
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VAX: VAX
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WatchOS: watchOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WebAssembly: WebAssembly
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_browser: Web browser
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows: Windows
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X64: x64
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X86-64: x86-64
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X86: x86
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xerox_Alto: Xerox Alto
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zilog_Z80: Z80
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zilog_Z80: Zilog Z80

-------------
license : 143
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.NET_Core: .NET Core CLR
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/3-clause_BSD: 3-clause BSD
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Academic_Free_License: Academic Free License
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Affero_General_Public_License: AGPL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apache_2.0: Apache 2.0
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apache_License: Apache
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apache_License: Apache 2.0
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apache_License: Apache 2.0 license
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apache_License: Apache License
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apache_License: Apache License 2
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apache_License: Apache License 2.0
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apache_License: Apache-2.0
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apache_License_2.0: Apache 2.0
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apache_License_2.0: Apache License 2.0
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apache_license: Apache 2.0
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_Public_Source_License: APSL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Artistic_License: Artistic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Artistic_License: Artistic 2
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Artistic_License: Artistic 2.0
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Artistic_License: Artistic License
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Artistic_License_2.0: Artistic License 2.0
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BSD: BSD
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BSD_License: BSD License
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BSD_license: BSD license
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BSD_licenses: BSD
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BSD_licenses: BSD 3-Clause
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BSD_licenses: BSD 3-clause
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BSD_licenses: BSD licenses
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BSD_licenses: BSD revised
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BSD_licenses: BSD-3-Clause
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BSD_licenses: BSD-4-Clause
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BSD_licenses: BSD-like
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boost_Software_License: Boost
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CeCILL: CeCILL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Closed_source: Closed source
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commerce: Commercial
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commercial_software: Commercial
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commercial_software: commercial software
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_Public_License: CPL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Creative_Commons_license#Attribution: Creative Commons Attribution
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Creative_Commons_licenses: CC-BY-SA
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DotGNU: DotGNU
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dual_license: Dual license
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EULA: EULA
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eclipse_Public_License: EPL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eclipse_Public_License: Eclipse Public
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eclipse_Public_License: Eclipse Public License
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free-software_license: free licenses
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_and_open_source_software: free and open-source
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_software: Free software
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_software: free software
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freely_redistributable_software: Freely redistributable software
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freeware: Freeware
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freeware: freeware
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_Affero_General_Public_License: AGPL-3.0-or-later
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_Affero_General_Public_License: GNU Affero General Public License
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_GPL#Version_2: GPL-2.0-or-later
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_GPL: GNU GPL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_GPLv3: GNU GPLv3
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_General_Public_License#Version_1: GPL-1.0-or-later
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_General_Public_License#Version_2: GPL-2.0-or-later
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_General_Public_License#Version_3: GNU General Public License v3.0
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_General_Public_License#Version_3: GPL-3.0-or-later
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_General_Public_License#Version_3: GPLv3
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_General_Public_License: GNU GPL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_General_Public_License: GNU GPLv2
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_General_Public_License: GNU General Public
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_General_Public_License: GNU General Public License
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_General_Public_License: GNU General Public License v3
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_General_Public_License: GPL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_General_Public_License: GPL v3
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_General_Public_License: GPL-2.0-or-later
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_General_Public_License: GPL-3.0-or-later
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_General_Public_License: GPL3
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_General_Public_License: GPLv2
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_General_Public_License: GPLv3
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_General_Public_License: GPLv3+
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_Lesser_General_Public_License: GNU Lesser General Public License
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_Lesser_General_Public_License: LGPL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_Lesser_General_Public_License: LGPL-2.1-only
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_Lesser_General_Public_License: LGPL-2.1-or-later
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_Lesser_General_Public_License: LGPLv2.1
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_Lesser_General_Public_License: LGPLv2.1+
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_Lesser_General_Public_License: LGPLv3
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_Lesser_Public_License: GNU Lesser Public License
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_Lesser_Public_License: LGPL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GPL: GPL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GPL_linking_exception#The_Classpath_exception: Classpath exception
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GPL_linking_exception#The_classpath_exception: Classpath exception
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GPLv2: GPLv2
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GPLv3: GPLv3
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/General_Public_License: General Public License
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IOS: iOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISC_license: ISC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Components_for_Unicode: ICU
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LGPL: LGPL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LaTeX_Project_Public_License: LaTeX Project Public License
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linux: Linux
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License: MIT
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License: MIT License
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License: MIT X11
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License: MIT/X11
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_license: MIT
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_licenses: MIT
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mac_OS_X: Mac
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft: MS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Windows: Windows
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modified_BSD_License: BSD
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modified_BSD_license: modified BSD
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mono_(software): Mono
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mozilla_Public_Licence: Mozilla Public
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mozilla_Public_License: MPL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mozilla_Public_License: MPLv2
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mozilla_Public_License: Mozilla Public License
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open-source_license: Open-source
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open-source_software: Open-source
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open-source_software: open source
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_source: Open source
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PHP_License: PHP License
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Permissive_free_software_license: Permissive
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Permissive_free_software_license: Permissive free software
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proprietary_license: Proprietary
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proprietary_software: Proprietary
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proprietary_software: Proprietary software
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proprietary_software: proprietary
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proprietary_software: proprietary software
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_domain: Public domain
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_domain: public domain
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Python_Software_Foundation_License: Python Software Foundation License
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Q_Public_License: QPL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roslyn_(compiler): Roslyn
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ruby_License: Ruby License
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simplified_BSD_License: Simplified BSD
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Software_patents: patent
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sun_Public_License: SPL-1.0
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sun_Public_License: Sun Public License
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Talk:Bourne_shell#License: under discussion
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trialware: Trialware
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trialware: trialware
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Please_clarify: clarification needed
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XFree86_License: XFree86
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zend_Engine_License: Zend Engine License
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zlib_License: zlib License

-------------
typing discipline : 96
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Affine_type_system: Affine
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_type: Typeless
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dependent_type: dependent
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dependent_typing: dependent
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duck_typing: Duck
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duck_typing: duck
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dynamic_type: dynamic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dynamic_typing: Dynamic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dynamic_typing: Dynamic typing
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dynamic_typing: dynamic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dynamicly_typed: Static
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flow-sensitive_typing: flow-sensitive
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gradual_typing: Gradual
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gradual_typing: gradual
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hindley%E2%80%93Milner_type_system: Hindley–Milner
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hindley-Milner: inferred
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inferred_typing: Inferred
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inferred_typing: inferred
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Latent_typing: latent
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manifest_typing: manifest
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nominal_type_system: nominal
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nominal_type_system: nominative
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nominal_typing: nominal
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nominative_type_system: nominative
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object_(computer_science): objects
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Optional_typing: Optional
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Optional_typing: optional type annotations
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polymorphism_(computer_science): polymorphic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Run-time_type_information: RTTI
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Static_type: Static
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Static_type: static
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Static_type_system: Static
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Static_typing: Static
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Static_typing: static
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/String_(programming): string
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strong_and_weak_typing: Strong
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strong_and_weak_typing: Strong/Weak Hybrid
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strong_and_weak_typing: both strong and weak
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strong_and_weak_typing: strong
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strong_and_weak_typing: weak
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strong_typing: Strong
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strong_typing: Strong typing
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strong_typing: strong
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strongly-typed_programming_language: Strong
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strongly-typed_programming_language: strong
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strongly_typed_programming_language: strong
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Structural_type_system: structural
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Structural_typing: Structural
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Structural_typing: structural
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_inference: Inferred
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_inference: implicit
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_inference: inferred
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_inference: partially inferred
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_inference: partly inferred
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_inference: type inference
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_safety: safe
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system#Combinations_of_dynamic_and_static_typing: Static/Dynamic Hybrid
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system#Combining_static_and_dynamic_type_checking: Dynamic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system#DYNAMIC: Dynamic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system#DYNAMIC: dynamic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system#Dynamic_type-checking_and_runtime_type_information: Dynamic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system#Dynamic_type_checking_and_runtime_type_information: Dynamic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system#Dynamic_typing: dynamic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system#Inferred_type_checking: inferred
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system#Optional_type_systems: optional
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system#STATIC: static
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system#Safely_and_unsafely_typed_systems: both safe and unsafe
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system#Safely_and_unsafely_typed_systems: safe
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system#Safely_and_unsafely_typed_systems: unsafe
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system#Static_and_dynamic_typing: Static
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system#Static_type-checking: Static
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system#Static_type-checking: static
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system#Static_type_checking: Static
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system#Static_type_checking: static
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system#Static_typing: Static
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system#Static_typing: Static, strong, safe
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system#Static_typing: static
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system#Strong_and_weak_type_systems: Strong
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system#Strong_and_weak_typing: strong
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system#Type_checking: static
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system#Type_safety_and_memory_safety: safe
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system#static_type_checking: static
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system: Dynamic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system: Static
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system: Static and dynamic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system: Static, strong, safe
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system: Strong
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system: Untyped
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system: dynamic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system: static
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system: static, with dynamic features
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uniqueness_type: uniqueness
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Weak_typing: Weak
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Weak_typing: weak
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Weakly-typed_programming_language: Weak
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Word_(computer_architecture): word

-------------
type : 90
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/3D_computer_graphics: 3D computer graphics
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/4GL: 4GL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Application_framework: Application framework
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Application_server: Application server
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Application_software: Application software
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Assembly_language#Assembler: Assembler
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Audio_programming_language: Audio programming language
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Automation: Automation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Biomarkers: biomarkers
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clinical_trials: clinical
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Collaborative_software: Collaborative software
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Command_(computing): Command
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Command_language: command language
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Compiler: Compiler
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_algebra_system: Computer algebra
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_algebra_system: Computer algebra system
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_language: Computer language
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_programming: Programming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Constraint_logic_programming: Constraint logic programming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_acquisition: Data acquisition
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_analysis: Data analysis
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Database_management_system: database management system
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dataflow_programming: dataflow
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Decision-making_software: Decision-making software
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Educational_Programming_Language: Educational Programming Language
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Educational_programming_language: Educational programming language
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Educational_software: Educational software
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Embedded_operating_system: embedded operating system
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Embedded_system: embedded system
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flow-based_programming: Flow-based programming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Game_creation_system: Game creation system
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Game_engine: Game engine
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Game_integrated_development_environment: Game integrated development environment
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genomics: genomics
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graphical_user_interface: user interface creation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Industrial_control_system: industrial control
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Information_visualization: information visualization
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Information_visualization: visualization
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Instrument_control: instrument control
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Integrated_Development_Environment: Integrated Development Environment
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Integrated_development_environment: IDE
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Integrated_development_environment: Integrated development environment
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interactive_fiction: Interactive fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_of_things: Internet of things
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interpreter_(computing): Interpreter
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Library_(computing): Library
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_numerical-analysis_software: Scientific computing
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_numerical-analysis_software: Technical computing
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_numerical-analysis_software: numerical computations
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_numerical_analysis_software: Technical computing
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_statistical_packages: statistics
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Low-code_development_platform: Low Code
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIDI: MIDI
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mathematical_modeling: Mathematical modeling
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_BASIC: Microsoft BASIC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Model_based_design: Model based design
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modular_software_music_studio: Modular software music studio
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multimedia: multimedia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multivariate_analysis: multivariate analysis
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Music: Music
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Music: music
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Numeric_computation: Numeric computation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Numerical_analysis: Numerical analysis
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object-oriented_programming: Object-oriented programming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Mindfuck: interdisciplinary m9ndfukc
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Programming_Language: Programming Language
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Programming_language: Programming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Programming_language: Programming language
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Programming_language: programming language
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proof_assistant: Proof assistant
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rapid_Application_Development: Rapid Application Development
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ray_tracing_(graphics): Ray tracer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Relational_database: relational database
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Relational_database_management_system: RDBMS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shell_(computing): Shell (computing)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Signal_processing: analysis and signal processing
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Signal_processing: signal processing
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Software_development_tool: Software development tool
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Statistical_analysis: Statistical analysis
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Statistical_package: Statistical package
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Test_automation: test automation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Text_editor: Text editor
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Typesetting: Typesetting
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix_shell: Unix shell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Video_game_development: Video game development
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virtual_machine: Virtual machine
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visual_programming: Visual
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visual_programming: Visual programming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visual_programming_language: Visual programming language
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visual_programming_language: visual programming language

-------------
operating system : 82
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AROS: AROS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AmigaOS: AmigaOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Android_(operating_system): Android
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_II: Apple II
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BSD: BSDs
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BeOS: BeOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berkeley_Software_Distribution: BSD
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CP/M-86: CP/M-86
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CP/M: CP/M
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classic_Mac_OS: Macintosh
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-platform: Cross-platform
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-platform_software: Cross-platform
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DOS: DOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Debian: Debian
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Debian_GNU/Linux: Stretch
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Embedded_system: embedded
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FreeBSD: FreeBSD
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FreeDOS: FreeDOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_General_Public_License#Version_2: GPL-2.0-or-later
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_General_Public_License#Version_3: GPL-3.0-or-later
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guadalinex: Guadalinex
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HP-UX: HP-UX
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haiku_(operating_system): Haiku
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_AIX: AIX
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_i: IBM i
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_mainframe: IBM mainframe
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IOS: iOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IOS_SDK: iPhone SDK
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Incompatible_Timesharing_System: ITS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JVM: JVM
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linux: Linux
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lubuntu: Lubuntu
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MacOS: Mac OS X
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MacOS: MacOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MacOS: macOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MacOS_10.14: macOS 10.14
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MacOS_Sierra: macOS Sierra
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mac_OS_8: Mac OS 8
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mac_OS_9: Mac OS 9
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mac_OS_X: Mac OS X
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mac_OS_X_Leopard: Mac OS X Leopard
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mac_OS_X_Snow_Leopard: Mac OS X Snow Leopard
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mac_OS_X_Tiger: Mac OS X Tiger
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Macintosh: Macintosh
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maemo: Maemo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mandrake_Linux: Mandrake Linux
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Windows: Microsoft Windows
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Windows: Windows
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Windows: Windows 32+bit
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MorphOS: MorphOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multics: Multics
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OS/8: OS/8
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OS_X: OS X
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OpenVMS: OpenVMS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OpenVMS: OpenVMS Alpha
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OpenVMS: VMS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plan_9_from_Bell_Labs: Plan 9
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/QNX: QNX
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RSTS/E: RSTS/E
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RSX-11: RSX-11
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RT-11: RT-11
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Raspbian: Raspbian
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RedHat_Linux: RedHat Linux
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SUSE_Linux: SUSE Linux
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solaris_(operating_system): Solaris
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TOPS-10: TOPS-10
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TOPS-20: TOPS-20
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TeX: TeX
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ubuntu_(operating_system): Ubuntu
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix-like: Unix-like
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix: Unix
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WarpOS: WarpOS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_browser: Web browser
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows: Windows
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_2000: Windows 2000
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_3.x: Windows 3.x
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_7: Windows 7
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_95: Windows 95
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_API: Win32
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_Server: Windows Server
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_Server_2003: Windows Server 2003
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_XP: Windows XP

-------------
dialects : 82
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.QL: .QL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alice_(programming_language): Alice
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arc_(programming_language): Arc
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AutoLISP: AutoLISP
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bazel_(software): Starlark
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brainfuck: Brainfuck
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C%CF%89: Cω
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C*: C*
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C++: C++
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cadence_SKILL: SKILL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cilk: Cilk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clojure: Clojure
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_Lisp: Common Lisp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Concurrent_ML: Concurrent ML
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Croquet_Project: Croquet
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyclone_(programming_language): Cyclone
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cython: Cython
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Datomic: Datomic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delphi_(software): Delphi
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dependent_ML: Dependent ML
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emacs_Lisp: Emacs Lisp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EuLisp: EuLisp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/F_Sharp_(programming_language): F#
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Franz_Lisp: Franz Lisp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_Pascal: Free Pascal
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Game_Oriented_Assembly_Lisp: GOAL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gofer_(software): Gofer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hy_(programming_language): Hy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISLISP: ISLISP
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interlisp: Interlisp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LFE_(programming_language): LFE
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LeLisp: LeLisp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MDL_(programming_language): MDL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maclisp: Maclisp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NIL_(programming_language): NIL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NetLogo: NetLogo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NetRexx: NetRexx
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NewLISP: newLISP
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Newspeak_(programming_language): Newspeak
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OCaml: OCaml
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object_REXX: Object REXX
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Occam-%CF%80: occam-π
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OoREXX: ooREXX
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oxygene_(programming_language): Oxygene
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PascalABC.NET: PascalABC.NET
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pharo: Pharo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Picolisp: Picolisp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polyphonic_C_Sharp: Polyphonic C#
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portable_Standard_Lisp: Portable Standard Lisp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RPG_II: RPG II
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RPG_III: RPG III
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RPG_IV: RPG IV
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RPL_(programming_language): RPL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RPython: RPython
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Racket_(programming_language): Racket
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ravenscar_profile: Ravenscar profile
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SPARK_(programming_language): SPARK
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SQL-92: SQL-92
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SQL:1999: SQL:1999
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SQL:2003: SQL:2003
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SQL:2006: SQL:2006
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SQL:2008: SQL:2008
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SQL:2011: SQL:2011
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SQL:2016: SQL:2016
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SQL:2023: SQL:2023
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scheme_(programming_language): Scheme
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Souffl%C3%A9_(programming_language): Soufflé
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spice_Lisp: Spice Lisp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Split-C: Split-C
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Standard_ML: Standard ML
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/StarLogo: StarLogo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/T_(programming_language): T
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turbo_Pascal: Turbo Pascal
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UCSD_Pascal: UCSD Pascal
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unicon_(programming_language): Unicon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unified_Parallel_C: Unified Parallel C
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VHDL-AMS: VHDL-AMS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Verilog-AMS: Verilog-AMS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WATBOL: WATBOL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X/Open: X/Open
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XEDIT#KEXX: KEXX
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zetalisp: Zetalisp

-------------
developer(s) : 71
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.NET_Foundation: .NET Foundation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AT&T_Bell_Laboratories: AT&T Bell Laboratories
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Accelrys: Accelrys
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adobe_Inc.: Adobe Inc.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adobe_Systems: Adobe Systems
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_Computer: Apple Computer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_Inc.: Apple Inc.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atari,_Inc.: Atari, Inc.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bell_Labs: Bell Labs
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bell_Telephone_Laboratories: Bell Telephone Laboratories
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bill_Gates: Bill Gates
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blitz_Research: Blitz Research
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Borland: Borland
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Broadcom_Inc: Broadcom Inc
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carnegie_Mellon_University: Carnegie Mellon University
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cisco_Systems: Cisco Systems
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commercial_software: commercial
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cycling_'74: Cycling '74
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dassault_Syst%C3%A8mes: Dassault Systèmes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donald_Knuth: Donald Knuth
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duke_University: Duke University
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eclipse_Foundation: Eclipse Foundation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Francisco_Jos%C3%A9_Vico_Vela: Francisco Vico
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Google: Google
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graham_Nelson: Graham Nelson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haxe: Haxe
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/INRIA: INRIA
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imperial_College_London: Imperial College London
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Institut_de_recherche_pour_le_d%C3%A9veloppement: IRD
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JS_Foundation: JS Foundation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keysight_Technologies: Keysight Technologies
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/King's_College_London: King's College London
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LexisNexis_Risk_Solutions: LexisNexis Risk Solutions
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lorinda_Cherry: Lorinda Cherry
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_Computer_Science_and_Artificial_Intelligence_Laboratory: MIT Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_Media_Lab: MIT Media Lab
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_A._O'Neill: Mark A. O'Neill
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Massachusetts_Institute_of_Technology: MIT
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MathWorks: MathWorks
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mathsoft: Mathsoft
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_K%C3%B6lling: Michael Kölling
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft: Microsoft
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monte_Davidoff: Monte Davidoff
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motion_Twin: Motion Twin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Munich: Munich
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Instruments: National Instruments
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Native_Instruments: Native Instruments
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Netochka_Nezvanova_(author): Netochka Nezvanova
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open-source_software: open-source
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Optimized_Systems_Software: Optimized Systems Software
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PTC_(software_company): PTC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Allen: Paul Allen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Progress_Software_Corporation: Progress Software Corporation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Randall_Hyde: Randall Hyde
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Morris_(cryptographer): Robert Morris
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rocket_Software: Rocket Software
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SAP_AG: SAP
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SAS_Institute: SAS Institute
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shiro_Games: Shiro Games
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Susan_H._Rodger: Susan H. Rodger
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sydney_School_of_Mathematics_and_Statistics: School of Mathematics and Statistics
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UNICOM_Global: UNICOM Global
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uniface_(company): Uniface
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_Birmingham: University of Birmingham
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_California,_Berkeley: University of California, Berkeley
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_M%C3%A1laga: University of Málaga
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_Sussex: University of Sussex
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_Sydney: University of Sydney
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Volunteering: volunteers
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Waterloo_Maple: Waterloo Maple
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wolfram_Research: Wolfram Research

-------------
paradigms : 67
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agent-oriented_programming: agent-oriented
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Array_programming: array
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_multi-paradigm_programming_languages: Multi-paradigm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_multi-paradigm_programming_languages: multi-paradigm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Compiled_language: compiled
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Component-based_software_engineering: component-based
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_simulation#Types: agent-based
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Concurrent_computing: Concurrent
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Concurrent_computing: concurrent
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Concurrent_programming: concurrent
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Concurrent_programming_language: concurrent
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Constraint_logic_programming: Constraint logic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Constraint_programming: constraint
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dataflow_programming: dataflow
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Declarative_programming: Declarative
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Declarative_programming: Declarative programming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Declarative_programming: declarative
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Distributed_programming: distributed
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Educational_programming_language: educational
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Embedded_system: embedded
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Esoteric_programming_language: esoteric
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Event-driven_programming: event-driven
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extensible_programming: extensible
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Formal_language: Formal language
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Functional_programming: Functional
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Functional_programming: functional
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Functional_programming_language: Purely functional programming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Functional_reactive_programming: functional reactive
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Generic_programming: generic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imperative_programming: Imperative
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imperative_programming: imperative
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imperative_programming_language: imperative
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Information_hiding: data and procedure hiding
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSON: JSON
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_educational_programming_languages: educational
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logic: Logic programming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metaprogramming: meta
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metaprogramming: metaprogramming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modular_programming: modular
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multi-paradigm_programming_language: Multi-paradigm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multi-paradigm_programming_language: Multiparadigm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multi-paradigm_programming_language: multi-paradigm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multiparadigm_programming_language: Multiparadigm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Numerical_control: Numerical control
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object-oriented_programming: object-oriented
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object-oriented_programming_language: Object-oriented
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object_oriented_programming: object oriented
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parallel_computing: Parallel computing
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parallel_computing: parallel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Procedural_programming: Procedural
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Procedural_programming: procedural
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Process-oriented_programming: process-oriented
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Programming_paradigm#Multi-paradigm: Multi-paradigm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Programming_paradigm: Multi-paradigm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prototype-based_programming: prototype-based
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Purely_functional_programming: Purely functional
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reactive_programming: reactive
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Real-time_computing: real-time
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reflection_(computer_programming): reflective
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reflection_(computer_science): reflective
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reflective_programming: Reflective
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reflective_programming: reflective
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simulation_language: simulation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Structured_programming: structured
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tacit_programming: tacit programming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turing_tarpit: Turing tarpit
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visual_programming_language: visual

-------------
implementation language : 43
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ALGOL: ALGOL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ALGOL_60: ALGOL 60
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ActionScript: ActionScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Allegro_Common_Lisp: Allegro Common Lisp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Assembly_language: Assembly
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Assembly_language: Assembly language
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Assembly_language: assembly
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Assembly_language: assembly language
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atlas_Autocode: Atlas Autocode
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BCPL: BCPL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C++: C++
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C_(programming_language): C
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C_Sharp_(programming_language): C#
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_Lisp: Common Lisp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Erlang_(programming_language): Erlang
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fortran: Fortran
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Go_(programming_language): Go
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5: HTML5
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML: HTML
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haskell_(programming_language): Haskell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interlisp: Interlisp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript: JavaScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_(programming_language): Java
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LLVM: LLVM
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lisp_(programming_language): Lisp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MOS_6502: 6502
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modula-3: Modula-3
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OCaml: OCaml
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oberon_(programming_language): Oberon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Objective-C: Objective-C
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PL360: PL360
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pascal_(programming_language): Pascal
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pthreads: Pthreads
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Qt_(software): Qt
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Racket_(programming_language): Racket
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rust_(programming_language): Rust
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scala_(programming_language): Scala
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scheme_(programming_language): Scheme
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simscript: Simscript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smalltalk: Smalltalk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Squeak: Squeak
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VAX: VAX
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visual_FoxPro: Visual FoxPro

-------------
written in : 42
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Assembly_language: Assembly language
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BASIC: BASIC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/B_(programming_language): B
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C++: C++
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C++_(programming_language): C++
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C_(programming_language): C
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C_Sharp_(programming_language): C#
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CoffeeScript: CoffeeScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delphi_(programming_language): Delphi
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ECL_(data-centric_programming_language): ECL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FORTRAN: FORTRAN
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fortran: Fortran
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_Octave: GNU Octave
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML: HTML
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haskell: Haskell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haxe: Haxe
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JUCE: JUCE
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript: JavaScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_(programming_language): Java
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kawa_(Scheme_implementation): Kawa
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LabVIEW: LabVIEW
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lua_(programming_language): Lua
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MATLAB: MATLAB
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mortran: Mortran
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OCaml: OCaml
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object_Pascal: Object Pascal
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Objective-C: Objective-C
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/POP-11: POP-11
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pascal_(programming_language): Pascal
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prolog: Prolog
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Python_(programming_language): Python
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Qt_(software): Qt
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/R_(programming_language): R
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ruby_(programming_language): Ruby
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ruby_programming_language: Ruby
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scheme_(programming_language): Scheme
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swift_(programming_language): Swift
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TeX: TeX
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WEB: WEB
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Citation_needed: citation needed
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wolfram_Language: Wolfram Language
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XAML: XAML

-------------
family : 27
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ALGOL: ALGOL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BASIC: BASIC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C_(programming_language): C
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C_Sharp_(programming_language): C#
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caml: Caml
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Datalog: Datalog
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dependent_ML: Dependent ML
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ECMAScript: ECMAScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Erlang_(programming_language): Erlang
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haskell: Haskell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lisp_(programming_language): Lisp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_C-family_programming_languages: C
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ML_(programming_language): ML
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modula: Modula
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Niklaus_Wirth: Wirth
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OCaml: OCaml
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oberon_(programming_language): Oberon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pascal_(programming_language): Pascal
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Perl: Perl
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prolog: Prolog
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Python_(programming_language): Python
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Query_language: Query language
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SNOBOL: SNOBOL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Self_(programming_language): Self
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smalltalk: Smalltalk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Squeak: Squeak
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Standard_ML: Standard ML

-------------
original author(s) : 25
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AT&T_Bell_Laboratories: AT&T Bell Laboratories
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anders_Hejlsberg: Anders Hejlsberg
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brian_Fox_(programmer): Brian Fox
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daniel_Murphy_(computer_scientist): Dan Murphy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dynamic_Language_Runtime: Dynamic Language Runtime
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ellen_Spertus: Ellen Spertus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graham_Nelson: Graham Nelson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hal_Abelson: Hal Abelson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM: IBM Emerging Technology
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeff_Rulifson: Jeff Rulifson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Mashey: John Mashey
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Rosenberg_(academic): John Rosenberg
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joseph_J._Allaire: J. J. Allaire
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lorinda_Cherry: Lorinda Cherry
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Macromedia: Macromedia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marc_McDonald: Marc McDonald
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_K%C3%B6lling: Michael Kölling
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Micro-Soft: Micro-Soft
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft: Microsoft
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miller_Puckette: Miller Puckette
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ric_Weiland: Ric Weiland
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Morris_(cryptographer): Robert Morris
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robin_Popplestone: Robin Popplestone
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stephen_R._Bourne: Stephen Bourne
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Why_the_lucky_stiff: _why

-------------
developers : 21
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ANSI: ANSI
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Autodesk: Autodesk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CODASYL: CODASYL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Community_of_practice: community
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Digital_Equipment_Corporation: DEC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ETH_Zurich: ETH Zurich
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guy_L._Steele_Jr.: Guy L. Steele Jr.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heriot-Watt_University: Heriot-Watt University
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hewlett-Packard: Hewlett-Packard
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Electrotechnical_Commission: IEC
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Organization_for_Standardization: ISO
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_Media_Lab: Media Lab
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Massachusetts_Institute_of_Technology: MIT
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Olivetti: Olivetti
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Psion_(company): Psion Ltd
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_P._Gabriel: Richard P. Gabriel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stanford_University: Stanford University
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sun_Microsystems: Sun Microsystems
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_St_Andrews: University of St Andrews
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_Utah: University of Utah
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zuse_Institute_Berlin: Zuse Institute Berlin

-------------
available in : 15
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chinese_language: Chinese
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Czech_language: Czech
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/English_language: English
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/French_language: French
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/German_language: German
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gettext: gettext
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Italian_language: Italian
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Japanese_language: Japanese
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multilingual: Multilingual
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polish_language: Polish
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portuguese_language: Portuguese (Brazil)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Python_(programming_language): Python
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russian_language: Russian
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spanish_language: Spanish
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ukrainian_language: Ukrainian

-------------
memory management : 13
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Automatic_Reference_Counting: Automatic Reference Counting
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BEAM_(Erlang_virtual_machine): BEAM
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_Language_Runtime: CLR
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Garbage_collection_(computer_science): Automatic garbage collection
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Garbage_collection_(computer_science): Garbage collection
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Garbage_collection_(computer_science): automatic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Garbage_collection_(computer_science): automatic memory management
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Garbage_collection_(computer_science): garbage collected
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript: JavaScript
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_Virtual_Machine: JVM
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_programming_languages_by_type#Languages_with_optional_manual_memory_management: optional
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manual_memory_management: manual
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/V8_(JavaScript_engine): V8

-------------
scope : 9
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer-aided_software_engineering: Computer-aided software engineering
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lexical_scope: Lexical
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scope_(computer_science)#Lexical_scoping_and_dynamic_scoping: Lexical
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scope_(computer_science): Dynamic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scope_(computer_science): Lexical
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scope_(computer_science): Lexical, optional dynamic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scope_(computer_science): lexical
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scope_(programming): Static, lexical
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Semantic_Web: Semantic Web

-------------
developed by : 3
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adobe_Systems: Adobe Systems
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft: Microsoft
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Wide_Web_Consortium: World Wide Web Consortium

-------------
type of format : 3
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markup_language: Markup language
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stylesheet_language: Stylesheet language
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User_interface_markup_language: User interface markup language

-------------
size : 3
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kilobyte: KB
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Megabyte: MB
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Windows: Windows

-------------
base standards : 2
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RDFS: RDFS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Resource_Description_Framework: Resource Description Framework

-------------
domain : 2
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SQL: SQL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Semantic_Web: Semantic Web

-------------
website : 2
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wayback_Machine: Wayback Machine
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Link_rot: dead link

-------------
editors : 1
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BBN_Technologies: BBN Technologies

-------------
related standards : 1
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SHACL: SHACL

-------------
created by : 1
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Georgia_Institute_of_Technology: Georgia Institute of Technology

-------------
successor : 1
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ARexx: ARexx

-------------
extended from : 1
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XML: XML

